and initiate sequencing
[Music]
and memories are made of this what is
this place I'm sorry to be the one to
tell you this but you got yourself
killed at rst we'd rebuild the most
important assets in the US military
soldiers like yourself you're the first
who we successfully managed to bring
back but improved enhance with the
technology in your veins you have an
army inside you that will not only make
you stronger you will heal you instantly
forage
now tell me do you remember anything
where you going I got unfinished
business
find the man who murdered my wife and
killer
it's not good all right sundown
and initiate sequence okay
who is the next target for elimination
these are little bit tell me do you
remember anything do I know you guys I
don't think so
I've been manipulating you
what you think is really sometimes ain't
and initiate sequence
[Music]
control me for
sure about that
revenge is what makes a man like you
exceptional
you know nothing about men lately
is absolutely fantastic
I feel like I just heard this is a plane
assembly people
you